feat(commander): extend COM_PARACHUTE to configure parachute failsafe (#26918)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/config/safety.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [NAV_TRAFF_AVOID](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#NAV_TRAFF_AVOID) | Set the failsafe action: Disabled, Warn, Return mode, Land mode. |

## Parachute Health Failsafe

<Badge type="tip" text="PX4 v1.18" />

> The parachute health failsafe is triggered when a [MAVLink parachute](../peripherals/parachute.md) system is missing or unhealthy while the vehicle is armed or airborne.

Reviewer: @gguidone Great thanks. I did very minor changes to match the Remote id updates. Same question as there - is this just the heartbeat - i.e. is unhealthy detection more than heartbeat checking?

```suggestion
The parachute health failsafe is triggered when a [MAVLink parachute](../peripherals/parachute.md) heartbeat is lost while the vehicle is armed or airborne.
```

Related - see https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/26918/changes#r3090761751

Author: Same as the remote id, not only lost but also if the component reports unhealthy

Reviewer: Thanks, IN this cse no change needed.
